You are getting more and more outrageous. I think you are a mother now.
Sister didn't mean to
He just misunderstood me.
Did you see that?
Meimei is still talking to you
Obviously he designed me to sleep with strange men
He did it wrong, mom.
I'm so fast for my sister, baby.
I know mom calls the shots for you
You see, if you were half as well-behaved as your sister
It won't piss me off to the hospital
Besides, you and Zhao Tingchuan have been married for three years
I don't even know what people look like
What else are you installing?
What are you pretending to be dumb?
Tell you to bring Zhao Tingchuan back
Everyone said I was going to divorce him
There's no point in calling him back
How could it be meaningless?
You are gone and there is still Xue Wei
The Zhao family is a top billionaire
Zhao Tingchuan is a billionaire
This fat does not flow out of the outsider's field
You bring him back.
Then let the water level hook him
The man who let his sister seduce his sister
Thank you for thinking
Isn't that because you're not capable?
The family's capital chain is broken
This is the hard work left by your father before he died
You have no conscience
I can't do it without asking me
I'm going to keep your dad's star
Besides, what kind of man is Zhao Tingchuan?
I'll find a way
But this is absolutely not possible
Your mom, how are you?
After you are stupid
Sister, don't be angry at Reba
Mom's health is not good
Oh, what sin did I do?
Raised someone who is not like you
Mom